[ECHO] Whoa! The door just
vanished. That's amazing!
How does it work?
What do you think?
[MU] Hm? What's your deal?
You're staring, why?
What? Oh, uh. No reason.
Don't be weird. So anyway.
Now we know where to go next.
[ROZ]
Jimi never reached this country.
He was likely intercepted.
And if that's the case,
I think I know who did it.
Londinium.
[ECHO]
That's right. Londinium!
Knowing where to go
is one thing,
but it doesn't make
the trip any shorter.
Let's get moving.
[MU]
How long is it?
[ECHO] Uh. Riding on the
AC Thirty, maybe a week?
A whole week? Dude, for real?
If we had a plane or something,
it'd be a short flight.
[MU]
Oh, sure, let me just call one.
[ECHO]
Wait. What's happening?
[MU]
Did you actually call someone?
And I'd do that how exactly?
[MU gasps]
Hey!
Your transportation
has arrived, Princess.
[MU]
Did you call me Princess?
[ECHO] We flew in eight miles
high, and when we touched down,
we found a scene stranger
than any we'd known.
[KIDS laughing]
[BOY 8A]
Welcome home, Sally!
[GIRL 8A]
Welcome back!
[BOY 8B] Where's our souvenirs?
You brought us some, didn't you?
Whoa. Is this place...?
[SALLY] Londinium is
the current frontline
in humankind's war
with the Earless.
The fighting here
is much fiercer
and more frequent
than in any other region.
Right. Back to work, you guys!
[KIDS]
Okay.
This tower sees
the worst of it all.
We call it the Watchtower,
mankind's final bastion
against the Earless onslaught.
And I'm the XO of the
Council Unit. Sally Simpson.
I look after this stronghold,
as well as those children.
Any questions, then?
Uh. So, Mu, the girl who
rode with us on the helicopter.
Where did she go?
She's up there, meeting with
our commander at HQ.
His name is Tommy Walker.
[TOMMY]
Welcome to our stronghold,
humanity's last,
best hope. Princess.
First off, can you
tell me why you've been
calling me "Princess"
this whole time?
Beg your pardon, but I thought
that you would know already.
Jimi Stonefree saved us,
and by all accounts,
you're his younger sister.
That alone makes you worthy
of a warm welcome.
That's what I figured.
Can I ask you a few more?
Yes, of course.
After the Fest failed
ten years ago,
Jimi was brought
back here, right?
So, if your people
picked him up,
what happened to him afterwards?
[ACE]
It's quite the sad story.
And I should be
the one to tell it.
Field Marshal Ace.
The fact of the matter is,
we failed your poor brother.
Huh?
[ACE] Could we take this
somewhere else?
[ACE] Before I was confined
to this contraption,
I piloted Equipment
for the Londinium army.
Ten years ago,
Jimi had his final gig,
and as fate would
have it, I was there.
[ACE] Our plan, Project Freedom,
was well underway.
Its aim was to
eliminate the Earless
from this world in one stroke.
And Jimi Stonefree
was our trump card.
[ACE] He rode into the
swarm of Earless alone,
just as we had asked of him.
And he tore through them,
fighting like some
kind of avenging spirit.
At that moment,
we all believed that
victory was within his grasp.
But then. in an instant,
something seemed
to change inside him.
To this day, I don't know what.
[ACE]
He suddenly ceased his attack.
And disappeared beyond the gate.
Then you're saying
Jimi Stonefree,
my big brother, died that day?
I'm not. Jimi is still alive.
Huh?
Indeed. And to this day, he
roams somewhere beyond the gate.
That is what we believe.
[MU] What's all this?
You prepping for something?
[TOMMY]
Our Christmas festivities.
One week from today.
This is where we're
staging the performance.
[MU]
Performance?
[TOMMY]
Yes. A theatrical tribute
to the life and accomplishments
of Jimi Stonefree,
with the man himself
as the protagonist.
Is there a reason for that?
At the climax of the play,
Jimi will disappear.
Just as he vanished beyond
the gate after the Fest,
and that will be
our pivotal moment.
For ten years, without rest,
we've been searching
for a way to call Jimi back
across the gate to us.
And we believe that now,
we've finally found the answer.
This is why we invited
you to our country.
Princess. The plan
will not work without you.
So please, be our
Jimi next week.
[MU]
Seriously?
On this stage,
we will recreate the conditions
of Jimi's disappearance
ten years ago.
In that moment, we'll
activate his Duel Showman,
and open the gate.
And at last, he will
join us once again.
I have faith that he'll return.
You're his younger sister.
We could search
the whole world over
and never find a more
perfect candidate.
After ten years we've found
a way to bring Jimi back.
And if you help us out,
he'll surely reveal
your true name to you.
[gasps]
[TOMMY] At long last,
you'll finally solve the mystery
of who you really are.
[alarm ringing]
[MU] Still not much of a
morning person, are you, Echo?
[ECHO]
Hey, Mu.
That night. She said this.
[ECHO] Mu! I started thinking
you weren't gonna come back!
[MU]
Yeah.
[ECHO] What's up? Did you find
out anything new about Jimi?
That is why we
came here. I suppose.
What? Is it not? I thought‐‐
[MU] Echo. You wanna meet him
no matter what happens?
Well, yeah. I do. Of course.
To ask him about you.
Who you are and
where you come from.
We can't let the journey end
until that's done, right?
[MU]
Sure. But then, in the end,
I may not be the kind of
person you think I am.
[ECHO] What's that mean?
You're still Mu.
And whatever kind of
person you really are,
I wanna find out.
Because no matter what,
I know I'm on your side.
Here.
What is this?
It's the script for
the Christmas pageant
they're gonna do.
Their commander Tommy was all,
"Would you please be our Jimi?"
Laid it on real thick.
Tommy. Yeah.
He's the good‐looking
one. Oh crap!
Is that why he's been calling
you Princess this whole time?
And I wasn't sure I wanted to.
But. I decided.
I'm in. Time to make my debut.
Uh‐‐
[ECHO] And so, for the week
leading up to Christmas,
we found ourselves living here
in Londinium's Watchtower.
According to Mu,
Jimi Stonefree himself
is going to appear on
Christmas night. But‐‐
[MU] Hey! Rehearsal
is starting like, now.
How long are you
trying to sleep?
[ECHO] Have I ever seen anything
like her in that blue dress?
And her face is
a speck of white,
like a sail against the sky.
[MU]
What is it?
[gasps]
So this is what they're
gonna have me wear.
I look silly, right?
Wha? No! Seriously!
It's really...
It's, uh... It's
really... I think...
Dude, you're so weird.
But I guess it would be weirder
if you were normal
all of a sudden.
[sighs] It wasn't
that weird, was it?
I thought I was
about like usual.
[MARSHALL] Well you may
not have realized it,
but you're usually
pretty weird, kid.
Really, think so?
Uh‐‐ Mr. Marshall?
Hey.
Why are you here?
'Cause the Londinium
military's got
part‐timers in need of bossin',
and the traveling foreman
is in need of some work.
What's up with those idle
hands of yours, Echo?
Aren't you supposed
to be finishing up
the maintenance by
the end of the day?
Uh‐‐ Yeah!
They put me in charge
of maintenance
for the general‐
purpose Equipment.
Apparently they're
using them as props.
These things have been
around for a while, though.
Oh? Lemme take a look.
Ah. Sure.
[MARSHALL]
Hmm.
[ECHO] So. There I was,
messing with the oldest amps
I'd ever seen. And Mu...
[MU] Now, let our voices
ring out together!
If we open our hearts,
images will be revealed to us.
And if we close our eyes,
then we shall find out
where we've come from.
Of this I am certain.
[KIDS humming]
[gasps]
[ALL humming]
That's a wrap for today.
Everyone make sure to
keep practicing your parts
once you get back to
your rooms. Dismissed.
[KIDS]
Okay!
Wait a sec.
All right?
What was that sound we made,
that mm‐hmm‐hmm, thing?
[GIRL 8B]
Hmm‐hmm thing?
‐‐Yeah.
‐‐What. You don't know?
‐‐[MU] Hey.
‐‐Every Player knows that song.
We all have it
playing inside our heads
from the moment we're born!
Mister Tommy told us so.
Did he, now?
Yeah, miss! You were
singing along, too!
Huh, that's true.
I've known it for as
long as I can remember,
but I thought it was just me.
[GIRL 8B giggles]
Hey, miss, what's your name?
[MU]
It's Mu.
Wow. You've got a weird name!
[MU]
Huh? Where are your manners?
[GIRL 8B]
Mu! Mu! That's so weird!
Is it a weird name?
[MU]
So what if it is?
Echo gave it to me,
and I treasure it.
[MU]
I never asked you.
What do you actually plan on
doing when you meet Jimi?
Gotta think about that. Huh.
Get his autograph, I guess?
What?
That's not weird, is it?
Yeah, it is. But then,
you usually are kinda weird.
Heh. I might be.
Old man Marshall said
pretty much the same thing.
Same old Echo,
but you have changed a bit.
How's that work?
[MU laughs]
Oh, yeah.
Could I get you to help me out
with something today?
Uh, help you out with what?
Getting off book. Take this.
[ECHO]
Yeah, fine.
Hmm.
Hey, hold up.
Why does it stop there?
[MU]
Oh, right.
They told us we're doing
the ending on the fly.
Like, improv?
Hey, I'm not mad at it!
I feel like I've gotten pretty
good at wingin' it, right?
True enough. Wait.
You can't just hop on the AC
thirty and start punchin' stuff!
[MU laughs]
Yeah. Anyway.
Deep inside of me
is a part that loves somebody.
Who's always by my side.
Who always has my back.
[MU]
Your line.
Wha‐‐ Uh, my bad.
Get it together, man!
Sickness and sorrow
and separation.
Even as the world
falls apart around us,
there's one thing I know.
I know that I love you.
[ECHO sighs]
That was one heavy sigh.
Like the weight of the
world's on your shoulders.
So? What's up, kid?
Oh, it's just...
Mu asked me earlier
about what I'll do
when we finally
meet Jimi, and...
Well, it caught me a
little bit off guard, y'know?
[MARSHALL laughs]
C'mon, Mr. Marshall,
don't laugh at me!
I know, I know, sorry.
But it's a pretty
obvious question.
Once ya meet Jimi,
your journey's over,
so ya got no reason
to stick with her.
Do you?
Huh. Yeah, I guess.
I hadn't thought
about it like that.
[MARSHALL] I swear, son,
a deaf, dumb, and blind kid
woulda caught on
quicker. Speakin' of.
Don't you have anything
you wanna say to her
before this journey's over?
Anything at all?
Not really. I mean,
as long as Mu gets to
meet Jimi, then we're good.
Hm?
You can't let all of your
thoughts stay in your head.
Sometimes you gotta
turn 'em into words
to get things
moving along again.
That's the way we
get by in the world.
Right.
If you can't find the words,
you gotta take a look in here.
And you better
figure it out quick!
Ah!
Man up and get it done, got it?
Yeah.
[ECHO] He's right. This is
what I should've told her.
Even if you were
to stop being "Mu,"
it wouldn't change
the person you are.
And if I just kept
calling you Mu,
nothing would have
changed at all.
Then Christmas finally came.
And the curtain rose on the
first act of the new world.
Oh! Echo!
You're looking
a little pale there.
Everything good?
I'm not sure.
I look at my reflection and
I see someone else's face.
I know you'll do great!
Hey, Mu?
[MU]
What?
When the show is over,
could we talk for a second?
[MU]
Yeah, I'd be fine with that.
Thank you.
You're going on in
30 seconds, miss.
Cool. I should
head back to my seat.
[MU]
Wait. Echo!
My pendant.
Uh, what's up?
[MU]
Hold on to it. No matter what.
'Kay. See ya.
Mu!
The sun turns in the
corners of our eyes.
Gracefully. Driven by a
soft explosion, we set off.
Bound for a star
awash in fiery oceans.
A voyage so long,
and so very lonely.
There you are.
A hundred light years from home,
drifting in solitude!
[MU]
On our journey.
From time to time,
I've asked myself.
"Who are you?"
The thoughts come and go.
[MU]
How did I get here?
Where will I end up when
it's all said and done?
[MU] Then I usually try to
push those questions aside
and forget I'd ever had them.
[MU] But, they're always in
my head, hiding in the shadows.
[MU]
Today, all that comes to an end.
Because Jimi...
My big brother is coming
back across the gate!
Deep inside of me
is a part that loves somebody.
Who's always by my side,
who always lifts me up.
[MU] Sickness and sorrow
and separation.
Even as the world
falls apart around us.
Still. There's one thing I know.
I know that I love you.
A pack of Earless
has begun to gather.
All has gone to plan.
We finally found the
last thing we needed
to bring Jimi back to us.
That girl. The closest thing
to him left in this world.
But something close
is hardly enough.
What we really need
is for her to become
the incarnation of Jimi himself.
[SALLY]
Yes, Commander.
That was more than we
could have hoped for, Princess!
Thanks, Tommy.
Please take these.
Yeah, got it.
Now, this is the final act!
You're writing the
show from here on!
All of you, give it
everything you've got!
Princess. It's time.
It looks like your nerves
are getting to you.
Like hell‐‐
[MU coughing]
Stop that! What're you‐‐
Now, it's time for
your big scene.
When this is over,
can I really meet him?
I'm so sorry. You're not
going to see Jimi.
No, rather, you'll be him.
Don't!
[MU] All along the watchtower,
princes kept the view.
Watching the women come and go.
With their barefoot servants.
A wildcat growled
in the far distance.
[MU gasps]
[MU]
Suddenly,
I was there. Project Freedom.
The night of the Fest.
That was when I understood.
They were my friends.
I was an outsider,
sent from their world to ours.
I was one of them.
Yes. I was an Earless.
One of those selected from among
them to be reborn as a human.
As a Player.
Everything finally made sense.
The loneliness that
had always plagued me.
The feeling that nobody around
me would ever understand me.
After that,
I knew what it meant.
[EIN]
You feel it, too, don't you?
That element of ruin
flows within your body,
a piece of him inside you.
At the end of the day,
being a Player
means losing your mind.
That's just how it is.
No matter how much we
prayed for leniency,
something was
eventually going to give.
Who are you really?
[gasps]
[MU screams]
Mu, no!
[NIR]
Lyde!
[gasps]
[SALLY] The situation
has been resolved.
[TOMMY] I once heard it said,
by a certain man,
that all you need is love.
And to that, I say...
If love is all we need,
then let it rule over all.
[ACE] Tommy! What is this?
What do you think you're doing?
How do you mean, Field Marshal?
Plan's gone flawlessly,
as you can see.
But you told me
that your plan was
to bring Jimi back
into our world!
Indeed. He is with us once more.
In a new vessel.
Armed even more
formidably than before.
[TOMMY]
A substitute, yes.
But sure to be of
use to us, even so.
[ACE]
This is madness.
And in due time,
all shall be as love dictates.
[JIMI] Everyone says
that all you need is love.
But love is not enough for us.
That's why we need to
make our hearts even bigger.
Freedom. Open your eyes
wide to the Player's awakening.